Shenna, this gun is his.
I took it.
He's a killer, why did he come to kill me?
Shen Tu, isn't this the girl at the bar?
What's so beautiful about this?
To be an assassin.
What's wrong? Here's my friend.
Magistrate, are you okay?
The one with the problem is him.
I've called the sheriff's department.
There was no blood before they arrived.
You can get this.
Looks like he's the killer.
Big Column
Do I remember you giving him the card?
Would you let this thing sleep next to you?
It's not that I didn't know he was the killer, I wanted to know he was the killer, give me eight guts I wouldn't dare.
Who sent you to burn my pimples?
You're tied up and injured.
I advise you to speak earlier.
From the difficulties of the flesh
I advise you to think carefully before you speak.
Otherwise I wouldn't mind cutting an extra hole in your other leg.
Just stay here.
If you want to run again
Next time I'll shoot you in the head.
Kim came out with me for a moment.